these males are the troop leaders they
hold all the power here
joining them is every young males
ambition
to be accepted into this elite is the
path to privilege but it's a dangerous
journey
the youngster decides to follow at first
he has enough sense to keep his distance
these males are twice his size the
low-ranking chimps retreat before the
troop leaders arrive the water
dominant males have a highly stressful
life as they constantly squabble to
protect their position the youngster
can't take his eyes off them
this is his chance to get himself
noticed if he can impress even one of
the big males for the show of strength
he might just be accepted into their
ranks his best attempt at a macho
display has certainly caught their
attention but they are not impressed
in fact this drumming means they're
getting rather angry and they attack the
youngster is not quick enough he gets a
short sharp lesson about how hard it can
be to break into this close-knit gang
he's lucky to escape with just an
injured hand
for the moment he's neither big enough
nor strong enough to be taken seriously
by the troop leaders without status he
will never enjoy the privileges of the
best food or the attention of females